it's another day under Israel's military
occupation here in the occupied West
Bank but Palestinians we've been
speaking to tell us they have more
reasons to feel hopeful now they've been
seeing how three Western European
countries are renouncing to recognize
Palestine as an independent state but
they're also saying that this comes on
top of a wave of protests that have been
supporting Palestinians in the past few
months they've been seeing also students
all across the world and is specifically
in the US demonstrating and protesting
for Palestinians we've met a Palestinian
woman whose family is in Gaza now she
lost her father in the beginning of the
war on Gaza and she says she feels that
his blood didn't go in
vain I hope that all countries in the
world recognize Palestine and end the
war on Gaza we want to be like the rest
of the world to live freely in our own
State Israel needs to be put in its
place I hope that more States will
recognize Palestine so Israel is forced
to end its
War we're noticing a big change in the
way Western countries perceive the idea
of Palestine it's a positive shift that
states are supporting us now the
Palestinian presidency has welcomed the
decision we've heard PLO officials
calling it a historic one saying that
this comes after series and years of
diplomatic work in the international
Arena and also in the United Nations
today what we see is an important shift
and this shift will be followed by
others and we will continue to press on
until we achieve our inalienable rights
to self-determination Independence and
to celebrate with the whole world this
achievement the only achievement for the
Palestinian people is ending this
Injustice that has been going on for
ages for years Palestinians have been
telling us that they felt that they've
been left alone abandoned by the rest of
the world and they hope that this
recognition will be one step of a series
of steps that will bring them closer
towards Freedom towards having their own
independent states nid ibraim Al jazer
the occupied West Bank
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz